I've lived a great deal among grown-ups. -  I have lived a great deal among grown-ups
I have seen them intimately close at hand. -  I have seen them intimately, close at hand
When a mystery is too over-powering, one dare not disobey. -  When a mystery is too overpowering, one dare not disobey
Draw me a sheep! -  Draw me a sheep
So, I made another drawing. -  So I made another drawing
I want a sheep that will live for a long time. -  I want a sheep that will live a long time
Do you think this sheep will eat a great deal of grass? -  Do you think that this sheep will have to have a great deal of grass
I know you will. -  I did not know
How beautiful you are! -  How beautiful you are
and I said to myself, -  I cannot, any more
I shall command it. -  I shall command it
Good morning. -  Good morning
The stars. -  The stars
Good evening. -  Good evening
Good evening. -  Good evening
Whether volcanoes are extinct or alive, it comes to the same thing for us. -  “Whether volcanoes are extinct or alive, it comes to the same thing for us, said the geographer
You cannot even travel. -  You cannot even travel
Good morning. - Good morning
and I said to myself, -  I am all alone, he said
And I need you here. -  And I have no need of you
To you, I'm nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand foxes. -  To you, I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes
But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. -  But if you tame me, then we shall need each other
To me, you will be unique in all the world. -  To me, you will be unique in all the world
In one of those stars, I shall be living. -  “In one of the stars I shall be living
In one of them, I shall be laughing. -  In one of them I shall be laughing
And so, when you look up at the sky at night, -  And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night
I cannot carry this body with me. -  I cannot carry this body with me
There is nothing sad about old shells. -  There is nothing sad about old shells
