I've lived a great deal among grown-ups. -  I have lived a great deal among grown-ups
I have seen them intimately close at hand. -  I have seen them intimately, close at hand
When a mystery is too over-powering, one dare not disobey. -  When a mystery is too overpowering, one dare not disobey
Draw me a sheep! -  Draw me a sheep
Once, when I was six years old, I read a book about a primeval forest. - 
The book said, - 
Because where I live, everything is very small. -  Where I live, everything is very small
So, I made another drawing. -  So then I made a drawing
So, I made another drawing. -  So I made another drawing
I want a sheep that will live for a long time. -  I want a sheep that will live a long time
Do you think this sheep will eat a great deal of grass? -  Do you think that this sheep will have to have a great deal of grass
Because where I live, everything is very small. -  “Because where I live everything is very small
"Boa constrictors swallow their prey whole, without chewing it." - 
I pondered this deeply. And then, I made my first drawing. - 
Because where I live, everything is very small. -  Where I live, everything is so small
I don't know... -  I did not know
How beautiful you are! -  How beautiful you are
I was born at the same moment as the sun. -  “And I was born at the same moment as the sun
I showed my masterpiece to grown-ups - 
and asked if the drawing frightened them. - 
It's very cold where you live. -  It is very cold where you live
But they were both too young to know how to love. -  But I was too young to know how to love her
Frightened? - 
Why should anyone be frightened of a hat? - 
and I said to myself, -  “I have been silly, she said to him, at last
Come on, give me that! -  Come, now
Yes, I did. -  I cannot, any more
Grown-ups. - 
They never understand anything by themselves. - 
Sire, over what do you rule? -  “Sire, over what do you rule
And the stars obey you? -  “And the stars obey you
They certainly do. I do not permit insubordination. -  I do not permit insubordination
You shall have your sunset. -  “You shall have your sunset
I shall command it. -  I shall command it
But I shall wait until conditions are favourable. -  But, according to my science of government, I shall wait until conditions are favourable
That... -  That will be about
So, I made another drawing. - 
Yes. - My advice is stick to arithmetic. - 
Once, when I was six years old, I read a book about a primeval forest. -  about
- History. - And grammar. - 
I took their advice and I grew up. - 
and I said to myself, -  “I have nothing more to do here, he said to the king
Do you really admire me very much? -  “Do you really admire me very much
Good morning. -  Good morning
I care about it as much as I care about you. -  I have so much to do
that set lazy men to idle dreaming. -  Little golden objects that set lazy men to idle dreaming
The stars will be out soon. -  The stars
And what good does it do you to be rich? -  “And what good does it do you to be rich
It is much more difficult. -  It is difficult
Good evening. -  Good evening
Good evening. -  Good evening
and I said to myself, -  “I am unlucky, said the lamplighter
Whether volcanoes are extinct or alive, it comes to the same thing for us. -  “Whether volcanoes are extinct or alive, it comes to the same thing for us, said the geographer
It is a little lonely in the desert. -  “It is a little lonely in the desert
I forgot all about being a child. - 
Until something miraculous happened. - 
You cannot even travel. -  You cannot even travel
The Little Prince - 
I've always wanted to find someone to share his story with, but... - 
and I said to myself, -  “I solve them all, said the snake
Good morning. - Good morning
I don't know... - 
I guess this world just got too grown-up. - 
Who are you? - Who are you
Good morning. let's recap today's recap of today's market activity. - 
Record-breaking numbers were written down on pieces of paper, - 
and I said to myself, -  I am all alone, he said
and I said to myself, -  “I am a fox, said the fox
and I said to myself, -  “I cannot play with you, the fox said
And I need you here. -  And I have no need of you
To you, I'm nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand foxes. -  To you, I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes
But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. -  But if you tame me, then we shall need each other
To me, you will be unique in all the world. -  To me, you will be unique in all the world
To me, you will be unique in all the world. -  To you, I shall be unique in all the world
taken to the bank, placed in drawers and locked with keys. - 
Back straight. - 
and I said to myself, -  I did not understand this answer, but I said nothing
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well. -  “What makes the desert beautiful, said the little prince, “is that somewhere it hides a well
Listening attentively. - 
Listening. - 
"What is most important is what is invisible." -  What is most important is invisible
No excessive blinking. - 
Listening. - 
and I said to myself, -  “Leave it to me, I said
and I said to myself, -  “Yes, that is true, I said
You must return to her. -  You must return to your engine
Exactly! - Exactly
I shall be there tonight. Wait for me. -  I shall be there tonight
It is much more difficult. -  it is much more difficult
Unexpected praise. - 
Acknowledge and thank you. - 
In one of those stars, I shall be living. -  “In one of the stars I shall be living
In one of them, I shall be laughing. -  In one of them I shall be laughing
And so, when you look up at the sky at night, -  And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night
It's a smile, sweetie. Show your teeth. - 
Not too much. - 
and I said to myself, -  “I shall not leave you, I said
You... -  You are there
Good. Okay. - 
Now remember, - 
I cannot carry this body with me. -  I cannot carry this body with me
There is nothing sad about old shells. -  There is nothing sad about old shells
Excerpt polling historical data tell us that if the panel is leaning toward acceptance, - 
they will ask only one question. - 
Let's go. -  Let me go on by myself
